hello and welcome to justice I'm judge
Jeanine Pirro thanks for being with us
tonight Ebola what a mess no one and I
mean no one should be allowed to enter
the United States from any West African
nation ravaged by Ebola and any American
citizen who goes there and wants to come
home needs to be quarantined for 21 days
until we figure out what we're doing
look we have a real problem I don't want
to hurt anybody and I'm good with
sending humanitarian aid to those in
need fill up those c-130s with supplies
and doctors and do those military
transports but guess what at a certain
point you take priority over everyone
else in the world when it comes to the
health and security of your family and
my family everyone else takes a backseat
the fact that we're even having this
discussion is insane no word told that
it would be counterproductive to the
economy of Liberia to stop flights from
coming here really another country's
economy is not the criteria to determine
whether we put our families at risk and
trying not to offend the rest of the
world making nice so people won't be
angry or making other countries
economically successful and any other
politically correct hogwash coming out
of Washington be damned your job is to
protect us take a listen first and
foremost I want the American people to
know that our experts speared the CDC
and across our government agree that the
chances of an Ebola outbreak here in the
United States are extremely low the
world is less violent than it has ever
been it is healthier than it has ever
been right and you can keep your doctor
and your health care plan al-qaeda is on
the run and Isis is not Islamic come
along with me and see if what I say
makes sense Thomas Duncan Ebola man lied
to come here now why did he need to come
here did he know that after transporting
a dying woman refused by a Liberian
hospital and sent home to die that he
was then at risk he is not a US citizen
how is it that he can be granted a visa
to come here in a matter of hours and if
our hospitals are all abola trained why
after he told them that he came from
Liberia did the Dallas hospital send him
home for yet another three days during
which time he became more contagious
vomiting around the apartment complex
and exposing kids to the virus who then
go to school and I should feel safe when
the hospital today actually admitted
that they lied when they said they
didn't know he was from Liberia where is
it so cold Ebola checklist that asked if
you've traveled to a nimble infected
country and why did the nephew have to
call the CDC because quote the hospital
again wasn't taking the illness
seriously we're so prepared that
officials didn't even attempt to
sterilize that apartment for five days
and if we're so damn ready for this why
did
locals say not to worry only 18 or 12 or
18 people were in direct contact with
him when Dallas County said there were
80 in the CDC said all 100 and I feel
safe when under a national spot life
relative sharing the same bathroom
refused to remain in isolation and
instead send their children to school
with yours and why were men cleaning the
vomit outside the apartment in t-shirts
sweeping the waste into the Dallas sewer
system isn't there a protocol for
destroying and transporting a bowl of
waste right now thousands of liberians
come into this country every year why
take a look at this map of Africa those
countries highlighted deny entry to
citizens of Ebola ravaged countries and
take a look at this image of a Liberian
soldier enforcing a quarantine so that
their own countrymen do not come in
contact with them yet our government
minimizes a danger and also the means of
transmission stop telling us it's just
about the exchange of bodily fluids why
didn't you tell us that the virus can
last for hours on a surface like a
doorknob or a countertop at the local
coffee shop and the head of the CDC when
asked if there should be more rigorous
airport screening says this like any
intervention there are upsides and
downsides there are a lot of downsides
you slow travel you end up costing
people money who's going to be who's
going to get screened and who's going to
train them
and if you have a positive where are you
going to bring them if you have a
positive where are you going to bring
them you're the head of the CDC are you
stupid so you'd rather put us in danger
you're the head of the CDC you find a
place to put them and treat them and
then White House spokesman Josh earnest
says that screening procedures are in
place at our border and people are
screened as soon as they get here really
you're kidding right what's that you're
saying that because you don't want
people to panic you don't want us to
panic how about I don't want us to die
tell us the truth for once that's my
open